Patching usecase (#9)
converged-computing/oras-csi: docs/use-cases.md

### Custom Image Assembly

In that we can imagine most pods, deployments, or indexed jobs are some base container with some set of assets needed at runtime, the ORAS csi driver would allow us to intelligently assemble images like blocks at ru time. We wouldn’t always need to pre-build every image dynamically - compatible binaries and general assets could be added on demand. A more robust spec for doing this (eg provided via the OCI working group) would be warranted.

### Componentized Patching

> Applications may becomposed of a base image and assets which may be executable binaries, libraries or configuration. These typically get bundled as a single image.  If a base image requires updating, the application must be rebuilt. Options like [`crane rebase`](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/main/cmd/crane/doc/crane_rebase.md) take a similar apprach. By composing a pod with two components, an image and the application or configuration artifact, updating the base image without rebuilding the binaries becomes possible, provided that the base image maintains [ABI compatibility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications may be composed of a base image and assets that may be executable binaries, libraries or configuration. These typically get bundled as a single image.  If a base image requires updating, the application must be rebuilt. Options like [`crane rebase`](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/main/cmd/crane/doc/crane_rebase.md) take a similar approach. By composing a pod with two components, an image and the application or configuration artifact, updating the base image without rebuilding the binaries becomes possible, provided that the base image maintains [ABI compatibility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface)
```

Another advantage of not having to rebuild the full application is improved deployment speed and efficiency. When only specific components of an application are updated, the time and resources required for building and deploying the changes are significantly reduced. This allows for faster application updates and reduces the overall time-to-market for new features and bug fixes.

Additionally, this approach minimizes the risk of introducing new issues or errors during the rebuild process. By only updating the necessary components, developers can maintain better control over the application's stability and ensure that the rest of the application remains unaffected by the changes.

#### Sample java app

> The following application is composed from a java 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following application is composed from a java base image, and the application artifact is added by the CSI.
```
